Just rely on you, the brilliant sword demon
He talks to me the same way
Sunan, you really don't think about it.
Just rely on Second Young Master Su and Third Young Master Su
I want to marry into the Su family
I can tell you
Although President and Mrs. Su treat people kindly
But I will never let a bitch like you marry into the Su family
Today is the Su family's family banquet
What are you?
You can also come to participate
Brother Rui Cheng and my fiancé
And I am a distinguished guest invited by the Su family.
VIP
I heard at the time that you flattered the young master of the Su family twice
They were humiliated.
Why haven't you been humiliated enough?
I have to run over to recognize my relatives
fangs
Believe it or not, I'll ask Sister Su to kick you out
Yingying, we are here to see Miss Su
Don't mess with this bitch
So as not to be seen by Miss Su
Miss Su Family
You are here to see the eldest lady of the Su family
That's right, you impostor!
Just waiting to be woken up by Miss Su
It's a pity, I'm afraid it's you who will be woken up
Sunan, what do you mean?
Don't you know?
Miss Su hates stinky men like you the most
Miss Su
The countryman said not to take things first
Let you go directly back miss